there's been some talk over the last few
days that you said you're gonna play one
more year next year and I think people
kind of jump to the conclusion that that
means you're retiring after next year we
throw their lemons in my grave man yeah
that nobody around here is I mean if you
know things are bleak at least we have
you to watch at least you know once you
once you heal but without you things are
very very bleak but you did say that
that's not necessarily your plan right
no I'm I'm just you know trying to come
back from this injury I just take things
a day at a time I miss is a huge
challenge I have in front of me right
now man so I just want to come back from
that and I just dealt with going through
nine months of recovery with my Achilles
and now I have to do it again which is
fine yeah I'm up for the challenge
you made the documentary over that
period of time it was a really tough
tough tough injury to get through them
it seemed like it was I was watching
even just the physical therapy that
you're going through so it's
mind-numbing
boring it's so boring it's boring like I
sit there and my therapist uh Judy cedar
would tell me she goes Kay move your big
toe and I'd do that for like a hour just
move my big toe like that for an hour
she's like oh you're improving I'm like
what we haven't heard from this
documentary I want to sell because I'm
in it you talked about playing on the
road and and fans who well think they're
heckling you I've always had to my best
performances
fans
we love it problem
they don't understand who I am
not only am i comfortable being outside
that has become a source of motivation
so when I go to these places and you
actually comforts me
you like it it's a form of affection
than a wife you'll feel good when you do
retire you're gonna do that thing where
you go on a goodwill tour of all the
teams you played against tennis is not
in my nature man so when you retire do
you think it will be on announced it
will be something that you do abruptly
absolutely you know I don't want to play
through a year where everybody knows
you're retiring they kind of give you
the whole swan song like you know I hate
that like I want to play the way I've
been playing for the last 19 years I
want I want to have the same experiences
that I've had if you're on a boo-boo
you're gonna heckle heckle yes those are
things that I'll never forget
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel thanks for watching
it means a lot to me and if you'd like
to take our relationship to the next
level click the subscribe button below
I'll wait for you